---
title: Lesson 2
layout: post
author: michael.fahey
permalink: /lesson-2/
source-id: 1GnyQUvYQfDIvQgfcvapa7ex6OmP2Bv_tMcJHMyT_vw0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Coding on the "FUZE"</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/9/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Start of the coding booklet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Get as far as you can in the book</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes (pg.21)</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When faced with a problem, my best strategy was to first, trial some methods but after that share my thoughts with others in the class. If collectively we agreed that we couldn't work out the problem, only then would we ask. This was especially important today because of the work we were doing. We faced even more problems with faulty cables and the likes but eventually, we were able to get down and do some coding.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning most in this lesson was speed; I need to know when to move on ask. I spend too much time thinking about the problem rather than getting it fixed.
I was restricted to only 20 minutes of coding in the lesson as I spent the rest trying to find out what the problem was with our cable.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will try to remember that it is okay to ask for help and that if I’m stuck, it’s probably better for someone who knows what they are doing to help me out as this will save time allowing me to get more work done.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


